---
title: Every Reason Why I Hate AI and You Should Too
canonical: https://malwaretech.com/2025/08/every-reason-why-i-hate-ai.html
---

> Right now, LLMs are an extremely immature technology. I personally believe they’re not going to get much better than this, but a breakthrough innovation could change that. Either way, it doesn’t matter to me. If the technology is a fad and completely implodes, I couldn’t care less. If it’s not a bubble and LLMs actually turn out to be the new best thing, I can easily adopt them into my own business model. ... So when I see people jumping on the latest hype, telling me I’m going to get left behind, I can only chuckle. If LLMs as a technology are viable, they’ll still be around when and if I decide they’re useful for me. If not, I’ll have missed out on losing my life’s savings in Beanie Babies, The DotCom bubble, or NFTs.

> It’s not even necessarily that corporate executives are being stupid. Sometimes they are, which can result in things like sinking more money that it costs the US government to put the sun in a bomb into the worse VR game ever. But usually it’s just greed and shortsightedness.
>
> AI right now feels much the same. An industry fueled by the gluttony of myopic visionaries. An industry grasping at every straw to find a use case for their technology. An industry built on the premise of hyperbole and empty promises. But in this specific case, I actually don’t think big tech companies are making the wrong decision, at least, considering the choices they have available.
